Test(integration): ensure proper execution of game start (#7641)
endless-sky/endless-sky: tests/integration/config/plugins/integration-tests/data/tests/tests_common.txt

			key l

test "Create New Pilot"
	status partial
	description "Helper function to create a new pilot."
	sequence
		input
			key l
		# new pilot
		input
			key n
		# start
		input
			key s
		# first name: a
		input
			key a
		input
			key "return"
		# last name: b
		input
			key b
		input
			key "return"
		# skip text
		input
			key "return"
		# go to the main landing panel
		input
			key l

test "Buy First Ship"
	status partial
	description "Helper function to buy the first ship of the shipyard."
	sequence
		input
			key s
		# buy first ship
		input
			key "down"
		input
			key b
		# confirm
		input
			key "return"
		# back to landing
		input
			key l

test "Wait 55 steps"
	status partial
	sequence
		apply
			"test: wait 55" = 55
		label wait_load
		apply
			"test: wait 55" -= 1
		input
		branch wait_load

> 			"test: wait 55" > 0

Author: Right well we now have a condition to know if we're in flight
but does it skip more time if we're in flight and add empty inputs? the afterburner test adds input in flight too so I assume it was needed.

> 			"test: wait 55" > 0

Reviewer: Multiple test-steps can be executed within a single frame; if the `input` wasn't here, then all 55 steps would be executed within a single frame (also in-flight).
This was done to ensure that we could perform condition-checking and inputs in-flight without interruptions to the inputs, but I guess that this feature is not well documented.

test "Wait 10 steps"
	status partial
	sequence
		apply
			"test: wait 10" = 10
		label wait
		apply
			"test: wait 10" -= 1
		input
		branch wait
			"test: wait 10" > 0

test "Start Game"
	status active
	description "Test if one can start the game correctly: choose a name and buy a ship."
	sequence
		watchdog 1000
		call "Create New Pilot"
		# the game needs a few steps to load the new pilot
		call "Wait 55 steps"
		call "Buy First Ship"
		# game needs time to process showing the mission
		call "Wait 10 steps"
		# beat it, old timer
		input
			key 3
		input
			key "return"
		# to be sure
		input
			key l
		# normally the mission being launched means the conditions are refreshed (or they always are?) and we don't need to launch
		# but to be sure:
		call "Depart"
		# save these in temporary conditions to know what they are if it fails, for easier debugging
		apply
			"test: name: a b" = "name: a b"
			"test: Intro [0]: offered" = "Intro [0]: offered"
			"test: Intro [0]: declined" = "Intro [0]: declined"
			"test: total ships" = "total ships"
			"test: ship model: Shuttle" = "ship model: Shuttle"
			"test: ship model: Sparrow" = "ship model: Sparrow"

> 			"test: ship model: Star Barge" = "ship model: Starg Barge"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"test: ship model: Star Barge" = "ship model: Star Barge"
```

> 			"test: ship model: Star Barge" = "ship model: Starg Barge"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"test: ship model: Star Barge" = "ship model: Star Barge"
```

		assert
			"name: a b" == 1
			"total ships" == 1

> 			# not checking for the intro because it shouldnt fail if it isnt offered anymore or changes name

Reviewer 2: Why bother storing the value, then?
Also, there's too many pronouns here:
```suggestion
			# Not checking for the intro mission conditions because the test shouldn't fail if the mission isn't offered or its name changes.
```

Author: well may as well store it to know what happens in case this fails

			key l

test "Create New Pilot"
	status partial
	description "Helper function to create a new pilot."
	sequence
		input
			key l
		# new pilot
		input
			key n
		# start
		input
			key s
		# first name: a
		input
			key a
		input
			key "return"
		# last name: b
		input
			key b
		input
			key "return"
		# skip text
		input
			key "return"
		# go to the main landing panel
		input
			key l

test "Buy First Ship"
	status partial
	description "Helper function to buy the first ship of the shipyard, starting from the planet panel."
	sequence
		input
			key s
		# buy first ship
		input
			key "down"
		input
			key b
		# confirm
		input
			key "return"
		# back to landing
		input
			key l

test "Wait 55 steps"
	status partial
	description "Wait 55 steps for something that requires some time, like launching or loading the game."
	sequence
		apply
			"test: wait 55" = 55
		label wait_load
		apply
			"test: wait 55" -= 1
		input
		branch wait_load
			"test: wait 55" > 0

test "Wait 10 steps"
	status partial

> 	description "Wait 10 steps to give time for the game to get the newest conditions. 5 steps are just enough but may as well be sure."

Reviewer: A test that is called `Wait 10 steps` should just wait for 10 steps, without an opinion on if 10 steps are enough. I suggest to create a more neutral description, or to rename the test to "Wait for conditions to be propagated".

Author: ```suggestion
	description "Wait 10 steps, for instance to give time for the game to propagate conditions, or load something."
```

	sequence
		apply
			"test: wait 10" = 10
		label wait
		apply
			"test: wait 10" -= 1
		input
		branch wait
			"test: wait 10" > 0

test "Start Game"
	status active
	description "Test if one can start the game correctly: choose a name and buy a ship."
	sequence
		watchdog 1000
		call "Create New Pilot"
		# the game needs a few steps to load the new pilot
		call "Wait 55 steps"
		call "Buy First Ship"
		# game needs time to process showing the mission
		call "Wait 10 steps"
		# beat it, old timer
		input
			key 3
		input
			key "return"
		# to be sure
		input
			key l
		# normally the mission being launched means the conditions are refreshed (or they always are?) and we don't need to launch
		# but to be sure:

> 		call "Depart"

Reviewer: This should no longer be needed if all of the conditions below are correctly implemented as automatic on-demand conditions.

Author: Well thats the thing, I'm pretty sure I tested it and those 5 inputs are needed for some reason

Author: Eh you know what lets see
```suggestion
```
